**What did you do this past week?**

Most of my time this week were used on Collatz project. It took much longer time than I thought. But it is always good to optimize my own code again and again. Using self tests from numbers in [1, 5000000] to find wrong case in my code was time consuming. And finally, it works fine and faster. I was also doing some programming practice, to became a smarter guy. 

**What's in your way?**

I am still not familiar with python, some little bugs in my project were caused by it. Oh, there was one disappointing thing. Economic department let me contact Admission Office to revalue one statistic course I took more than one year ago outside UT. Only after approved they can give me the permit to the Econometric course offered next semester. Why it is much hard to get a course I want in Minor than in Major....

**What will you do next week?**

I start feeling the strong power of programming with Python after these days' learning. Next week, I will start Project 2 early and learn deeper in Python. Will be making progress. I will learn how to use Docker, a very powerful tool. Another thing, hope Admission can approve my course revaluation. If luckily, this poor guy can get a chance to access the waitlist of Econometric course.   

**What's my experience of the class?**

This is really a cool course. No wonder some students said this course is worth taking even you already have internship or working experience. I am more familiar with Git, Travis and other important tools for programmer now, which will be sure benefit me a lot. The quiz questions can go a little tricky, I must be careful enough. 


**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Okay, maybe I was the last one in this class using Xcode for programming in every language. But the tab mix space problems did took me some time reordering my Python code. So I started using Sublime as my default text editor for its default black background color! Kidding. I don't know why, but I do feel more comfortable programming with Sublime. I believe most programmers have used Xcode, Geany, Gedit, Vim and other editors. But if you haven't tried Sublime, give a try. 
