**My expectations of this course**

The main reason I take this course is that I have to take a CS upper course this summer to graduate on time next Spring. This course has writing flag! Also, people said this course is worth taking no matter whether you already have working experience. So my expectation is to learn and to know about software engineering.   

**What did you do this past week?**

This past week is a hard time for me. I finished my Federal Government and Microeconomic courses provided by 2 other colleges. The Federal Government is for core requirement and the Microeconomic is for my Economic Minor in UT. Right after that, I start my Summer SWE class. Seems that I will learn dozens of tools related to the Software industry. Go get them! 

**What's in your way?**

This tough summer time. I hate getting sweaty every time going out but the sad story is that I have to stay in Texas this summer. The hot Texas. Anyway, hard time will be paid off. These months I will be learning a lot and become a better programmer.

**What will you do next week?**

I knew a little Python before and mostly used it as a calculator on the terminal, to be honest now I am pretty far away from being “skilled”. I will follow this course’s pace and learn Python deeper from some online materials. One more thing to do, I will get my Microeconomics course’s credit transferred to UT. It is needed as a prerequisite to registering one Economic course for my Fall registration (Maybe two, hopefully, I could get a port on the waitlist). 

**What's my experience of the class?**

Luckily there was no quiz on first class. Don’t have much idea how to prepare for the daily quiz. The random call on class is a fresh thing for me, guess everyone got called became nervous. The notes provided on Github are very helpful for review.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

One thing I learned: you can get a free Blog with the help of Github and Jekyll. When you get 404 error or the updated info in Github repository doesn’t show on your Blog site, try to check on another browser first. My Chrome refused to show me my Blog website and I wasted 1.5 hours for debugging.  At the end, I found the site actually worked well on Safari. I had to clear browser history to make it work on my Chrome, maybe I should blame Mr. Cache. 
