**What did you do this past week?**

Group project. Our team has more time to meet together and make progress on it. I also spent much time studying SAS. Mainly by reading an official book, I tried to get one chapter done per day to get a good understanding.

**What’s in your way?**

We were unable to implement pagination for the second phase. At the beginning, we were thinking this part can be easily done by front-end. By the time we realized we, the back end, are the ones should get it done, there was not enough time for it. We are always not smart enough to know what should we do, this must be life. Anyway, I will continue working on our project for further phases. It's truly fun to build a website by yourself. In this process, debugging is no longer a pain. 

**What will you do next week?**
 
Yesterday I noticed my vehicle inspection is expiring this month, better find an inspection point to get it done.
Also, I am interested in learning more front-end stuff to make our website look better. I have to say this is one of the ugliest websites I had seen, ironically I am one of the builders. 

**What’s my experience of the class?**

The class goes smoothly as before. I usually can't understand all new knowledge in class, reviewing is always needed. I missed my high school time, I can take all course in my native language and gain good learning effects. Language issues have tortured me the whole undergraduate phase, I spent to much more time on studying than native students just to get same learning effects as them. Compared with them, I feel like my personal life is more colorless. 

**What’s my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Just like Amazon go, some Tech companies in China has tried to open more no-checkout stores. I don't know what technology is Amazon using but most these stores in China are using RFID. What I knew before is that this technology still has some defects. When the customers buy more than 10 items, the shop (or the exit?) sometimes fails to count on every single item. They must be discovering more suitable technologies. Some of the companies in China has already received angel financing. I am glad to see my country making progress in these new areas. When we started using Alipay (Apple pay or Venmo in U.S.) instead of applying for new credit cards in 2010, people in Europe were still trying to get high-priority cards with hundreds of annual fees. Then China skipped credit card phase, heading Mobile payment phase. That's when I realized our late-mover advantage. 
