**What did you do this past week?**

I finished Project 2 with my team and got a pretty good grade on it. I was learning Python continuously from an on-line tutorial but didn't get much new stuff so far. I also taught myself SAS in a pretty slow pace, the tutorials found were mostly outdated which means I had to try them one by one. That was a huger overhead than I expected. 

**What’s in your way?**

I am still waiting for my Statistic course reevaluation result. If failed I will give up my Economic minor, even I can finish the minor. If reevaluation failed, I will go (Status again)->(Econ 420 and Econometrics) in 2 semesters. If passed, I will go (Econ 420 and Econometrics) -> (Game theory). Econ 420 has prerequisite Statistics and Game Theory has prerequisite Eco 420, which means I can't finish the sequence of (Statistic) -> (Econ 420) -> (Game Theory) in 2 semesters. Game Theory course is the main reason I applied for this minor. If I can's get it and have to take Statistic course again, no reason bother to finish the minor. 

**What will you do next week?**

Do my best one exam 1. Hopefully, it won't be hard. I will work on back-end part of project 3, better get it done quickly and cooperate with front-end guys to make the whole website work. I also need to get prepared for SAS certificate test next month, it has spent to much time. 

**What’s my experience of the class?**

Class continues going well. Hard for me to get all quiz questions correct, easy to make mistake. I learn new things in every single class, which is pretty beneficial. I had some experience of finish a course and had to idea what useful things I learned from it. Another good thing is that during the phases of our project I can play different roles. This phase I am back-end, believe next phase I can work on front-end and learn new things.  


**What’s my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Before I thought W3Schools only provide front-end related language tutorials like HTML, CSS and JS, but I was definitely wrong. This time I found SQL, Java and more! A truly precious learning source for CS student. 
