**What did you do this past week?**

I spent most of my time this past week to implement the required features for the last phase of our IDB project. We created a login page and a content manager page to achieve our implementation. I have to say there is not much new stuff, basically the routing in back-end and queries sent to the database. Since my life is a little too boring, I tried to learn some stuff about fishing online to develop a new hobby. Compared with some smart guys who programming in free time for fun, (drink, smoking, fishing, sleeping) might be a funnier entertainment combination for me. 

**What’s in your way?**

There are no other things in my way except the traffic jamming of I-35, definitely every time I drive on it. 

**What will you do next week?**
 
I will start preparing for exam 2 and project presentation. Ah, I hate presentation. But I will do my best with my team. And my vehicle inspection, I am too lazy to do it this week. I received a mail from my vehicle dealer, the vehicle is recalled because of some issue in its axle. I need to make an appointment with the dealer and the whole fixing will take more than 3 hours, another waste of time. 

**What’s my experience of the class?**

The class goes smoothly as usual. I haven't used Java for about 2 years since the programming intro class in freshman year, so the topics related to Javas during class sometimes confuses me. But also a good reminder for me that it's time to relearn and pick up my poor Java programming. 

**What’s my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

When using lab machine, if exceeding disk quota issue annoys you. Just clear all your browser cache and trash. Unless you will be confused about why the only 5 folders on your account take all your limited space. 