**What did you do this past week?**

I didn't do many things this week, spent tons of hours setting up the database for our IDB phase 2. After finishing populating all tables on AWS RDS, the whole process seems not as hard as I thought before starting. The most time-consuming thing was to find workable tutorials, I tried more than 10 tutorials and finally find one can work on linking AWS RDS database endpoint with sqlAchemy. 

**What’s in your way?**

Grades! I only got an average score on exam one, which means A is almost gone from me. RIP, my GPA. Guess I did pretty bad on reading questions, had to try my luck on the unsure ones. Another issue is that something on campus caused my allergy which lasts this whole week. After it got more serious on Friday noon I decided to lock myself home the whole weekend to be away from the anaphylactogen. Now I am feeling better.  

**What will you do next week?**

Our project is still in process, I will help get it done. I will continue learning other stuff which might help me find an intern during the winter vacation in China and a full-time job after graduation. I am not the kind of person enjoying school life much, so I have no plan taking GRE test for applying graduate school right after graduating from UT. I have been in U.S. from 2014, can't really fit into the food, language, people, culture and other things here in a good way. I think it's just because I don't want to, the best choice for me is to find the best way back. Get a good job in my home country and start another phase of life. 

**What’s my experience of the class?**

The class is continually going well, it's really good to learn Python from an experienced instructor. Not like some instructors in other classes, "You should learn things by yourself and apply them well in my exams and projects!". No wonder people give Dr. Downing high rate. 


**What’s my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

This might be the first course that I think getting A is not that important, the feeling of always gain new knowledge really help me recognize what education is truly for, not just something like GPA. Hope I could realize this in my freshman year. This is why I registered a Business Law class for next semester, I know the readings and course contents will not the kind I am good at and have a huge chance screw up my time managing and GPA next semester. Well, time to learn some courses I am interested in instead of giving me nothing but a 4.0 or 3.75. Keep going and trying, leave no regret. 
