**What did you do this past week?**

I started IDB project with my team. Seems all of us are busy this summer, we tried our best to work remotely. Some parts are done and some still need further works. I started learning HTML for the project, we need some improvement on the frontend. Also, I spent some time learning SAS and Python. The book for SAS is like more than 800 pages, read, read and read!

**What’s in your way?**

In the process of learning SAS and HTML, I always feel I am not good at learning new stuff, everything takes a much longer time that I expected. I will be a junior next semester, if I still can’t find the best way of learning new stuff which is no doubt a pity for a student. The way to learn new stuff is important for everyone’s career, especially for an IT guy.

**What will you do next week?**

I will continue learning Python, SAS and HTML. And I’d better start learning JavaScript for further projects. The first exam will come within one week, kind not sure how to prepare for it. Hope professor will provide some review materials. I will spend more time learn and prepare for the daily quiz. Easy to get points off.

**What’s my experience of the class?**

This is not a very easy course for summer. No much time to learn new knowledge for projects. But it is always good to learn things under some pressure. I hope to learn more Python from class but seems we will start SQL and others topics from next week.

**What’s my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

I didn’t do much reading last week. But there is something shocked me in Tech area. Amazon bought Wholefood! Can’t imagine what Amazon will do to take advantage of this high-rank store. Another thing we can get from this news is that tech does affect your life. Maybe one day Facebook will buy Walmart! And you might be the one who buys Facebook. 
